What do you mean by that?
What do you adults do to him?
You know it.
It was indeed my negligence before.
I didn't notice Xu Zhiyi's physical problems
But Dr. Xu
This is my house.
It has nothing to do with you
Cheng Hanchuan, do you think everyone in the world
Are they all cold-blooded like you?
I tell you there is no one's love
You are nothing
That Hanchuan
My mom asked when we were going home
Now.
Dr. Xu
My mom said she wants to invite you to my house for dinner
Thank you for taking care of me during this time
Great. See you then.
Hanchuan, you're hurting me
Why did you invite Xu Ze to your house?
They said it was invited by my mother
Do you dare to say that you have no selfish intentions?
Hanchuan, what do you think of Dr. Xu?